DOCSP-13650 added downloadable project (#255)
mongodb/docs-node: source/quick-start.txt

Set up Your Project
-------------------

Install Node and npm
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Ensure your system has Node.js version 10 or later and a compatible

Author: I decided to refer the user to check the compatibility table since this page is used across all versions of the documentation. I think doing this would also be easier to maintain moving forward.

version of npm (Node Package Manager) installed. For more information on how
to check your version of Node, npm and installation instructions for your
system, see `downloading and installing Node.js and npm
<https://docs.npmjs.com/downloading-and-installing-node-js-and-npm>`_.

.. tabs::

   .. tab:: Clone the Project
      :tabid: clone the project

      First, install Git using `Git's Getting Started Guide
      <https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git>`__.

      Then, in your shell, clone the `js-starter repository
      <https://github.com/mongodb-university/js-starter>`__:

      .. code-block:: bash

         git clone https://github.com/mongodb-university/js-starter.git

      Next, navigate into the repository:

      .. code-block:: bash

         cd js-starter

   .. tab:: Create the Project
      :tabid: create the project

      First, in your shell, create a directory for your project:

      .. code-block:: bash

         mkdir node_quickstart

      Then, navigate into that directory:

      .. code-block:: bash

         cd node_quickstart

>       Next, set up npm for your project:

Author: I'll be changing this to "initialize your project"

      .. code-block:: bash

         npm init -y

      .. tip:: Why the -y?

         If you specify the ``-y`` option in the command, npm uses the
         default values for your project settings. If you want to
         interactively select your project settings, omit the ``-y`` flag.

Then, install the Node.js driver:

.. code-block:: none

>    npm install mongodb

Author: Yes, they need to run npm install if they clone the project or create it from scratch

This command performs the following actions:

- Downloads the ``mongodb`` package and dependencies required
- Saves the package in a directory called ``node_modules``

> - Records the dependency information in the ``package.json`` file

Author: This should be because the user needs to run the npm command.

At this point, your project that contains the dependencies you need to

> use the MongoDB Node.js driver.

Author: I did consider this before, but decided not to since it's used for both whether they clone or create the project themselves.

version of npm (Node Package Manager) installed. For information on how
to check your version of Node and npm, as well as installation
instructions, see `downloading and installing Node.js and npm 
<https://docs.npmjs.com/downloading-and-installing-node-js-and-npm>`_.

.. tabs::

   .. tab:: Clone the Project
      :tabid: clone the project

      First, install Git using `Git's Getting Started Guide
      <https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git>`__.

      Then, in your shell, clone the `js-starter repository
      <https://github.com/mongodb-university/js-starter>`__:

      .. code-block:: bash

         git clone https://github.com/mongodb-university/js-starter.git

      Next, navigate into the repository:

      .. code-block:: bash

         cd js-starter

      Then, install the Node.js driver:

      .. code-block:: none

         npm install

      This command performs the following actions:

      - Downloads and saves the ``mongodb`` package in a directory
        called ``node_modules``
      - Installs ``eslint``, which the project uses to identify and
        report issues in your code

>       - Installs ``prettier``, which the project uses to format your code uniformly

Reviewer: Nit: I'm not sure what is meant by "format uniformly" (maybe "format consistently"?), I think just "format your code" sounds more correct to my ear, as I think it implies consistent formatting.

```suggestion
      - Installs ``prettier``, which the project uses to format your code
```

   .. tab:: Create the Project
      :tabid: create the project

      First, in your shell, create a directory for your project:

      .. code-block:: bash

         mkdir node_quickstart

      Then, navigate into that directory:

      .. code-block:: bash

         cd node_quickstart

      Next, initialize your project:

      .. code-block:: bash

         npm init -y

      .. tip:: Why the -y?

         If you specify the ``-y`` option in the command, npm uses the
         default values for your project settings. If you want to
         interactively select your project settings, omit the ``-y`` flag.

      Then, install the Node.js driver:

      .. code-block:: none

         npm install mongodb

      This command performs the following actions:

>       - Downloads the ``mongodb`` package and dependencies required

Reviewer: Nit: I think "and dependencies required" could be written slightly more clearly.

```suggestion
      - Downloads the ``mongodb`` package and the dependencies it requires
```

>       - Saves the package in a directory called ``node_modules``

Reviewer: Nit: I think this can have more parallel structure to the following list item

```suggestion
      - Saves the package in the``node_modules`` directory
```

system, see `downloading and installing Node.js and npm
<https://docs.npmjs.com/downloading-and-installing-node-js-and-npm>`_.

After you verify that you installed the required versions of Node and NPM,
create a new project by :ref:`cloning our js-starter repository
<qs-download-the-repo>` or by :ref:`creating it manually <qs-manual-setup>`.

.. _qs-download-the-repo:

Clone the Project

> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer: Could "Clone the Project" and "Manual Creation" be in tabs? I think right now the headings go:

- Get NPM
- Download Project
- Manual Creation

This reads like a three step procedure but it is really a two step procedure with a branch in the second step.

Author: Agreed -- will tab these two options

> 
> .. note::
> 
>    This approach requires you to have `Git
>    <https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git>`__
>    installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install `git <git installation instruction url>`__
```

Suggestion: I think this should be a required step in the tutorial as it is a requirement.

Idea: Could these steps perhaps be put in a numbered list? I was requested this recently from Melissa in a guides page and I thought it worked well.

Author: I'll update this to be the first step but will not implement a numbered list.

> First, clone our `js-starter repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clone the `js-starter repository
```
Suggestion: [Use our/we sparingly](https://docs.mongodb.com/meta/style-guide/writing/write-to-the-user/#id1)

Suggestion: I don't think "first" is necessary. I also think installing git is the first step.

Author: Agreeing with "our" -> "the".
I don't think removing the transition word adds additional value, so I will be keeping all of them.

> <https://github.com/mongodb-university/js-starter>`__  in your command
> line interface using the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<https://github.com/mongodb-university/js-starter>`__  in your shell using the following command:
```
Suggestion: I don't think "command line interface" is quite right here. A command line interface is how you use any command line program (I.E. git <some command> , <some command> is the CLI). I think this should be terminal, shell, REPL, etc..

> .. tabs::
> 
>    .. tab:: SSH
>       :tabid: ssh
>       
>       .. code-block:: none
> 
>          git clone git@github.com:mongodb-university/js-starter.git 
> 
>    .. tab:: HTTPS
>       :tabid: https
>       
>       .. code-block:: none
> 
>          git clone https://github.com/mongodb-university/js-starter.git
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. code-block:: bash
   
   git clone https://github.com/mongodb-university/js-starter.git

```
Suggestion: I'd just use SSH, I think presenting a reader with a choice makes this more complicated. I don't think readers gain significant value from being presented with this option.

> Then, navigate into that directory so you can work directly with your
> project's files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Navigate into your repository with the following command:
```
Suggestion: I think you can remove "then" 
Suggestion: I think the terminology switch from repo to directory is a little confusing
Suggestion: I think the explanation "so you can work files directly" is unsatisfactory (you can work with files from anywhere on your machine)

> .. code-block:: none

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. code-block:: bash
```
Suggestion: use bash lexer

   cd js-starter

At this point, you should have appropriate version of Node.js and NPM

> installed as well as a project directory that contains the dependencies you

Reviewer: Question: If the person already has all the dependencies installed in the directory, why do they need NPM? Should people going down this path not need NPM?

Author: Good catch -- I'll remove NPM as a requirement for cloning the repo

> At this point, you should have appropriate version of Node.js and NPM
> installed as well as a project directory that contains the dependencies you
> need to use the Node.js MongoDB driver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The repository contains the following items: 
- Node.js
- NPM
- The MongoDB Node.js driver
```
Suggestion: I think this can be simplified.

Author: There really isn't anything in the repo except for a package.json file with the correct dependencies, a list doesn't make sense to me here. But, I'll be adjusting this sentence to remove the mention of NPM.

Reviewer: If the driver source code is not in the repo, there may be minimal advantage to having this option. NPM will still be a dependency, as you will still need to download the driver once you clone the repository (this option adds git as a dependency and does not remove the dependency on npm). What is the advantage of cloning the project over creating the project?

> Next, continue with this guide by :ref:`creating a MongoDB cluster
> <qs-create-a-cluster>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now :ref:`create your MongoDB cluster <qs-create-a-cluster>`.
```
Suggestion: I think you can remove the "next" language
Suggestion:[ Use simplest tense of verb create](https://docs.mongodb.com/meta/style-guide/writing/use-effective-verbs/#use-the-simplest-tense)

Author: Will be removing this sentence.

.. _qs-manual-setup:

Manual Creation

> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer: Suggestion: Is manual creation the right word? Can anything on a computer be manual? Maybe "Set up NPM Project"?

Author: Will change it to "Create the Project"

Initialize the Project

> ``````````````````````

Reviewer: Suggestion: Could the stacked heading be removed?

Author: We've had this discussion as a team before and cases like this were an exception.

> system, see `downloading and installing Node.js and npm

Author: I think the page it links to captures both very well and would be a bit odd to have them separated.

<https://docs.npmjs.com/downloading-and-installing-node-js-and-npm>`_.

.. tabs::

   .. tab:: Clone the Project
      :tabid: clone the project

      First, install git using `Git's Getting Started Guide
      <https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git>`__.

      Then, clone the `js-starter repository

>       <https://github.com/mongodb-university/js-starter>`__  in your shell:

Author: Meeting halfway, I think changing this to "Then, in your shell, clone the repo"

      .. code-block:: bash

>          git clone git@github.com:mongodb-university/js-starter.git 

Reviewer 2: If the user doesn't have ssh set up will this work? It might be better to default to https

      Next, navigate into the repository:

      .. code-block:: bash

         cd js-starter

      At this point, you have the appropriate version of Node.js installed and

>       a project that contains the dependencies you need to use the

Author: I'll reword this sentence to only convey their project has the dependencies needed to use the driver.

      Node.js MongoDB driver.

   .. tab:: Create the Project
      :tabid: create the project

>       First, create a directory for your project in your shell:

Author: Similar to how I addressed it [here](https://github.com/mongodb/docs-node/pull/255#discussion_r711080650)

      .. code-block:: bash

         mkdir node_quickstart

      Then, navigate into that directory:

      .. code-block:: bash

         cd node_quickstart

      Next, set up NPM for your project by running the following command.

>       This command creates a file called ``package.json``:

Author: In your link, it says `npm init <initializer> can be used to set up a new or existing npm package`. So I think the wording is fine here.

But I do agree the package.json part is incomplete, so I'll remove that part.

      .. code-block:: bash

         npm init -y

      .. note:: Why the -y?

         If you specify the ``-y`` option in the command, NPM automatically
         accepts the default values for the command. Omit the ``-y`` flag to
         interactively select your project settings.

      Then, add the official Node.js MongoDB driver to your project dependencies.
      Use the following command to instruct NPM to download and install the
      ``mongodb`` package.

      .. code-block:: none

         npm install mongodb

      This command downloads ``mongodb`` package and dependencies required for its
      installation and saves them into a directory called ``node_modules`` in
      your project, and records the dependency information in the

>       ``package.json`` file you generated in the previous step.

Author: I think this should be kept -- I broke this section into a bulleted list and removed the clutter
